Extract negative patterns from a reference automata.
1- the negative patterns are the ones that does not belong to the reference automata.
    This means the pattern can't be matched with any execution trace of the reference automata.
    For example, in the text editor example, between "edit" and "save" there is no "open" action. Hence "edit, open, save" is a negative pattern.
2- a list of a library of negative patterns is created. This library is used to generate negative patterns for the learning automata.
    The library is a collection of patterns that has negative meaning. Those patterns are taken from this paper: https://matthewbdwyer.github.io/psp/patterns/ltl.html
3- the algorithm starts by collecting all labels from the reference automata. a label is a pair of input and output actions.
4- a list of all possible negative patterns is created. we take a label and pattern form the library and combine them to create a negative pattern.
    if the pattern required more than one label then we take a combination of every possible pair of labels.
    for example, if the library pattern is "P is false before R" and the labels are "open, edit, save" then the negative patterns are:
    list of possible negative patterns:
    open is false before open
    open is false before edit
    open is false before save
    edit is false before save
    edit is false before open
    edit is false before edit
    save is false before open
    save is false before edit
    save is false before save
5- the algorithm checks if the negative pattern is a valid pattern. a pattern is valid if it can't be matched with any execution trace of the reference automata.
to check the validity of the pattern, we use the NuSMV model checker. we create a NuSMV model that has the reference automata as a module and the negative pattern as a property.
if the model checker returns a counterexample then the pattern is invalid and true otherwise.
all the patterns that are satisfied by the model checker are added to the list of negative patterns.
For example, the pattern "edit is false before open" if the model checker returns true, then "edit before open" is a negative pattern.


